Migrating Plumber docs (#4303)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: Add-ons/Umbraco-Plumber/Dashboards-and-Buttons/index.md

---
meta.Title: "Umbraco Plumber Dashboards and buttons"
meta.Description: "Information about Workflow Dashboard and buttons with Umbraco Plumber"
versionFrom: 8.0.0
versionTo: 10.0.0
---

# Dashboards and Buttons

Umbraco Plumber has its default Dashboards. By default, when you install Umbraco Plumber, you receive two Dashboards: the *User Dashboard* and the *Admin Dashboard*. Additionally, Umbraco Plumber replaces the default Umbraco button set in the editor drawer.

## Dashboards

Umbraco Plumber adds two Dashboards to your Umbraco project:

- **User Dashboard** - This Workflow Dashboard is added in the **Content** section. It displays the current user’s submissions and tasks requiring approval from the user.

  ![Workflow Dashboard in the Content Section](images/WorkflowDashboard_ContentSection.png)

> - **Admin Dashboard** - This Workflow Dashboard is the default view in the **Workflow** section. It displays a chart of recent workflow activity and any relevant messages related to upgrades. You can also set the number of days to view the workflow activity chart for the specified days range.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Admin Dashboard** - This Workflow Dashboard is the default view in the **Workflow** section. It displays a chart of recent workflow activity and any relevant upgrade-related messages. You can also set the days to view the workflow activity chart for the specified range of days.
```
